I'm by going back back to the bay mr.
Boone's made right I'll i do it tell you
it will get the waters on replay trying
to break a record like a DJ what's going
on y'all should boy ttk and I'm by but
man happy new years first and foremost
you already know I get the ball first
I'm never scared to get the ball first
you know I'm different from everyone
else and what else they want to kick
that ball cuz they scred they scared for
whatever reason whatever reason it may
be that's on them me I'm never scared at
that ball first but like I was saying
happy new years to you and yours your
family your dog you can your aminals all
the cool cats that y'all happen to hang
out with definitely happy new years 2014
man it's 2014 up in saying that's crazy
2014 nonetheless you see the gameplay
I'm playing against my dude erock my man
definitely needs no introduction he he
got no ear i do say if you don't know
who II rocket you've definitely been
living under a rock am i doing one of
the Twitter Kings you know one of them
one of the mutt Kings a charting up my
man's honor he's definitely not part of
the hashtag no money spending he's
definitely a hashtag a lot of money
spinner as he always puts it out there
that my dude just spins he spends Katie
I'm saying he spent he spent a little
cake on money and whatnot you know he
definitely you see you definitely see it
when you see his team my man got a
stacked team right here he ends up on
the ball cuz you know we believe in that
sim style football cuz that's just what
we do shout it we do that some stuff
football you know at at this point
but pretty much just this pretty much
his lab and whatnot me they were
actually supposed to play last year on
madden 13 is just we just never got
around to it so yesterday he hit me up
here Amy trying to game or what sudden I
was it yeah for sure you know um but it
was time to go for you so we know we be
enough I'm saying I think like three or
five like in between that time they mean
the plane like my like seven or
something like that but nonetheless you
know me my duty rock definitely all know
who dude is he does mister mister
Twitter himself mr. um the reason why a
lot of cats in the mud community even
know that ends and outs he um I mean as
far as I would say besides him in Texas
boy these dudes a rocket and Texas boy
they definitely reason why all the good
information is out there I mean of
course you know that great mud people
whatnot Belize like the main two people
I go to for my information just like you
guys as you see me on that nice little
playmaker to my du marché on the beach
almost caught it I have a say what I
almost said I'm never gonna say what I
was bar stock marshawn be small which
i'm not i'ma go go back to the male is
just me more Oh top I was spray for yo
chill so anyways like I was say you buy
new everyone's worried rock a lot a lot
of these youtubers out here would be a
known the stuff they be knowing and
whatnot yum he definitely puts out a lot
of content on or just on Twitter he
don't have it I he has a channel but
he'll he'll upload like that you know
I'm saying i'll definitely hit him up
and tell a rock stop start uploading
them saying get get get within you to
what not but you know II rockies a lot
like me he likes to stay in his lane he
keep it all Twitter I keep you YouTube
nonetheless it ain't gonna stop us from
getting a game in a way not gaming uh
before I played this dude I hadn't
played um like almost two weeks and I'm
saying y'all know as you guys know hash
a trail team as you guys know I'm just
pretty much getting
my flu just now I'm starting for a whole
lot better you know the cops are gone
the headaches is going all that good
stuff you see this dude how did he throw
that that was like the ultimate dot of
the year what not think I was crazy you
see right here we stopping the option of
wood and I'm making it look pretty darn
easy like I was saying um for you and
play erock uh I hadn't played in like
two weeks I played this game yesterday
um like I hadn't played in like two
weeks I've been playing online I've done
my soul challenging y'all know I'm the
hashtag solo challenge king but I
haven't played um I haven't played
online for like almost two weeks and
that especially after taking a DC
glitching in the Super Bowl man I'm
knock a lot I'm not a lot like that kind
of that kind of made me not want to play
seasons anymore what not you see my de
rock going for a psychic i was done when
i saw yo I was super dad always die
right here watch it watch this Mike
all-star I promised you I would have
returned that if it wasn't for a train
running to me teen teen dating Gina I
swear what ahead of you I promise you
right here he's getting some nice stops
against my often to what Nazis calling
timeouts right here tried to swerve this
spot did not work so y'all know me I'm a
punt the ball he has a minute 22 what's
the worst that could possibly happen it
was a that's how I see it sometimes and
even if I do lose it's my duty box was
not an issue but like I said who derek
Johnson Gary Johnson told Joe he the
best freakin linebacker y'all tell if
you don't have a dead Johnson shout go
get one he is the best linebacking you
see my do Walter Payton got no I had to
go get him everyone was like rape you
gotta go get reamed you gotta go get a
watch okay you gotta go get him so
definitely be on lookout for more game
plan and what not like I said after
taking that DC glitch and when I pretty
much I'm gonna run I'm back to coin
games and what I've already ran a couple
playing games wow you see my do Walter
Payton run over Brian Dawkins oh man but
like i said i'm back to running coin
games and whatnot and i'm gonna be doing
coin games and um regular season games
for the rest of the year what not just
because I me I a lot that DC click show
all jokes aside even I was joking about
you seem I do want to paint getting an
end zone like I like a lot that kind of
took all the fun out of out of regular
season I don't know if that's how that
is if that's like that for you guys it
may be different for you guys maybe some
people like you know what it is what it
is I mean for me it is is what it is
type of thing I was like dang bruh like
I deal with stuff like this is it and
this is an I heart not the highest tier
but one of the higher tiers I'm in the
second tier all man and whatnot either
way it go somebody mannequins are all
men know if it was on rookie like that
takes that takes a lot of fun at a game
nonetheless man Thank You shots out to
my duty rafa taking time out to play the
kid and what now this is a fun game I
enjoy myself you see right here my to
say you suck hashtag last word I love my
duty bugbear it's been real it's
Mitchell issue boy TDK about